>> Brian Holt: Now because the client
app is aware of what the show is, right?
Now we can make it past the correct show,
down to details.
>> Brian Holt: So
if we come back to clientapp.js.
>> Brian Holt: We're gonna do a same,
similar thing that we
did here with component.
But what we're gonna do instead
of passing down all of the shows,
we're only going to pass down
to the correct show, okay?
>> Brian Holt: And we're gonna base
that on the ID parameter, right?
>> Brian Holt: Cuz we don't wanna
have to pass down all of the shows.
We don't the details to have
to select it's own show.
We wanna say here is the correct show for
you.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, hold on,
let me push a branch real quick.
>> Speaker 2: Question while
you're doing that as well.
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
>> Speaker 2: Asking why is
defining prop types important
if in production code it isn't included?
>> Brian Holt: Debugging purposes.
Debugging purposes and
forced documentation.
In other words, you don't have to.
But our linter forces us to so we do.
I think it's a good idea, too.
So, I'll say at Netflix we do do
prototypes, and I have found it helpful.
>> Brian Holt: Git add commit.
Good job, okay.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
I just pushed out v2-13.
>> Brian Holt: Other questions?
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So what we're gonna do now
is we're gonna make this another function
right here.
>> Brian Holt: This is going to
be a little bit more complicated.
So, this is going to
take in props as well.
>> Brian Holt: Remember, these are the
props that we saw being passed into search
when we dumped those out.
So, inside of these props is
going to be whatever this ID is.
So, we can use this ID to match up to
the correct show to pass down to details.
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna say,
we're just gonna put a filter.
>> Brian Holt: There is a better way to do
this, but I'm just gonna do it this way.
Shows.filter
>> Brian Holt:
props.params.id===show.imdbID.
We'll return
details show=
/> component.
So, why is this imperfect?
Well, we're making a big assumption
that id is going to be a correct show.
This is obviously not the way you wanna
do a production if the ID was not found,
you'd wanna show 404 or
redirect somewhere else.
All things you can definitely do.
For now, we're just going to assume
it's always going to be a correct ID.
>> Brian Holt: The way you would do that,
so basically if I don't have any shows of
length zero, what you would do is
instead of returning details you would
return to redirect component, and
redirect components will redirect.
That's the way that they work.
Or you could also do like a return
the missed page, the 404 page, yeah?
>> Speaker 2: Question, is there any
lightweight, good substitute for
React Router, just like Preact for React?
>> Brian Holt: React Router is
pretty much the de facto standard.
I think the answer is, is there are,
are there's, I'm not aware of them.
We do use one at Netflix, but
it's internal and not open source.
So, I guess before react router,
I used director, but
director is not necessarily specific
to react, it's just a router library.
>> Speaker 2: Another question,
is there another way to render
the component of each route and
pass properties to it without having
to call an anonymous function?
>> Brian Holt: Yes.
[LAUGH] Yes, there is.
>> Speaker 2: I kinda thought
there gonna be real answer.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, it's there
is a lot of ways to do it right.
You can probably make some sort of
component that encapsulates this behavior.
I like this because you see
everything happening right here so to
my preference to do this way and
you're stuck in my world so deal with it.
Just kidding I don't know
a better way to explain that.
>> Speaker 2: On line 24 does there need
to be a variable declaration for the cost?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah yeah thank you.
[SILENCE]
Cool.
Any other questions?
>> Brian Holt: So now, if we save this and
go to details such as
>> Brian Holt: And
it'll just reuse this
the way it is right now,
we can now hopefully see the correct
TV show being passed down to details.
>> Brian Holt: So, if I details/ and
remember this is gonna match
the imdbID from data.json.
So, I'm just gonna grab
House of Cards right here.
This number right here.
Copy that, paste that right here.
>> Brian Holt: Notice that I'm
getting the show as House of Cards.
Any questions of how that got there?
I mean we put it there.
That's how it got there.
But is anyone confused
with why it got there?
>> Brian Holt: So again, like I find this
really compelling because now we've taken
this logic out of deciding which show
to pass into detail, out of detail.
Details just gets to be a nice dumb route
that just shows beautiful markup and
does nothing else.
Only thing that logic in the router which
That logic more belongs in the router
because your routing it
to the correct show.
I think it's cool.
>> Brian Holt: So, that's why we did it.
[LAUGH] Cool.
Any other questions before I move on?
>> Speaker 3: I think you touched on it,
but
could you maybe just mention again
if you did If you remove the ID from
the Details path, that just kinda
renders kind of a blank state.
So, what would be a good
way to handle that?
>> Brian Holt: So, if I had some
time at the end, I'll touch on it.
But there's a miscomponent
that React router shift with.
So, you would just well,
this one get the miss.
It would, it would get miss.
So, you would hit the miss, and then
you could just wrap that to a 404 page.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Or you could render a
redirect component, and anytime you render
out a redirect component,
react router will redirect somewhere else.
So you'd redirect to a better place.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Both of
those are in the reacts,
router, dot come.
I make sure it is not changed.
I'll have a link in my notes if you
want to go grab it from there.
But this is where the docs are now for
v4, specifically.
If you go to React Router's main web page
right now, it's still the v2, v3 docs.
So, the key is look for the red.
The red is v4.
If it's blue, then it's v2 or 3.
It's secret language.